fix: small path error in dev chain guide (#118)
nervosnetwork/docs-new: website/docs/basics/guides/devchain.md

func = "Eaglesong"
```

> Replace the `miner.workers` section in the `ckb-miner.toml` and `specs/dev.toml` files with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `miner.workers` section in the `ckb-miner.toml` file with the following:
```

Reviewer: Sorry for my misleading comment. For `miner.workers`, we only need to update `ckb-miner.toml`.
